# concert-sample

This samples has been tested on linux system.  Working on testing on macos with proper docker runtime. 

The sample is simulating a CI/CD pipeline and how is integated into concert.  We will include a CD pipeline update, where we will emilate the release of an application to the target environment and the data that concert needs for that use case.

## Pre-requisites

1) docker or podman running on the environment, or podman configure with the docker emulation.

## Setup Instruction

1) switch to the concert-sample/scripts directoty and run setup command.
   ./helpers/setup.sh
2) Update environment details, switch to concert-sample/cncert_data and update the application_def_load_config.yaml and the simulating_ci_config.yaml.  Enter the proper information for the target environment you want to use on both configu files.

   app:
   base_url: "<https://concert_url:concert_port>"
   instance_id: "<your_instance_id>"
   auth:
      user:
         username: "<your_username>"
         password: "<your_password>"

3) advance changes a set of variables are provided in concert-samples/concert_data/demo_build_envs.variables that help control the behavior of the scripts.
   The following are typical variables you can change:
      APP_NAME
      APP_VERSION
      ENVIRONMENT_NAME_1
      ENVIRONMENT_NAME_2
      ENVIRONMENT_NAME_3
      IMAGE_NAME
      IMAGE_TAG

   If any changes are done it will affect the name of some of the output files which will need to change the file names in concert_data/application_def_load_config.yaml, concert_data/simulating_ci_config.yaml.

## Run sample
The order of steps in 2 and 3 is not important, but to show the full capablities of concert it is important to do all task.  Also not all pieces need to be done, but the important things are to provide the cyclondx sbom, the CVE(when enable).  The application and build inventory files/sboms that are generated by the sample can be loaded from the ci pipelines to help concert understand the application. 

1) switch to concert-sample/scripts
2) run the application _definition.sh sample.  This is only done once, or when updates to the application definition needs to be done.  This provides conncert with initial details of the application and which future data will be provided to construt the Application Inventory and Arena view. 
   ./application_definition.sh
3) run the simulate_ci_pipeline.sh sample.  This is only done on every CI will generate application assets (image, sbom(code scan), Image scan(Sbom, cve report)) to represent a commited version that can be release to any environment including quality environments.
   ./simulate_ci_pipeline.sh
3) run the simulate_cd_pipeline.sh sample.  This is only done on every CI will generate application assets (image, sbom(code scan), Image scan(Sbom, cve report)) to represent a commited version that can be release to any environment including quality environments.
   ./simulate_cdpipeline.sh
